Formatting and guidelines (#18)
nushackers/notes-to-cs-freshmen-from-the-future: CONTRIBUTING.md

## The goal of this document

The primary goal of this document is to create a repository of knowledge that will cover various aspects
of a freshmen's computing journey. We hope that this document will serve to ease the transition of new students
into the School of Computing (SoC).

## Contributing to the document

As much as possible, we want to adhere to the the overarching ideas in the
[awesome manifesto](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/blob/main/awesome.md).

In other words:
- It's curation, not collection. - We want to avoid the document from being too lengthy or diluted.
- Research if the stuff you're including is actually *awesome*. - Only put stuff in that you or another contributor can **personally** recommend.
- You should rather leave stuff out than include too much. - If you're unsure, ask someone else, or comment it in the PR.
- Comment on why something is *awesome* (Not relevant for advice) - If you're recommending a book, or a lecture, tell us why you think it's great.
- Pay attention to grammar. - Ensure your stuff is grammatically correct, typo-free and has no Markdown formatting errors.

## I'm ready to contribute! How do I start?

> **Make sure your content follows the general principles in [Contributing to the document](#contributing-to-the-document)**

Reviewer: Shall we also mention that they're free (and we encourage them) to submit a PR if they want to add anything? I know it's mentioned somewhere below but might be better to include it at the start instead. What do you think?

Author: Sounds good

### If you're giving general advice and tips to freshmen
- [ ] Remember to follow the [Code of Conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md). We will not approve
anything that goes against the Code of Conduct, or is submitted in bad faith.

> - [ ] Make sure there is no grammatical errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure there are no grammatical errors.
```

Author: The irony

- [ ] There is no specific topic or format you have to follow, but we recommend you to
try and give advice on certain topics or areas that other contributors might

> have missed out on. (It doesn't just have to be about school life, anything from general
> programming tips, career advice, life advice that you live by and think would be helpful
> works!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have missed out on. It doesn't have to be about school life - anything useful, from general programming tips and career advice to life advice, is welcome!
```

### If you want to suggest a new section/list (e.g. favourite programming languages to learn, etc.)
- [ ] Make sure that the section is relevant to the document. If you're not sure, feel free to 
add an issue to ask us.
- [ ] Make sure that the section is not already covered in the document.

> - [ ] Make sure there is no grammatical errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure there are no grammatical errors.
```

> - [ ] You should explain why you think the section is great.

Reviewer: I feel like this falls under point number 1 about being relevant to the document, and since we already mentioned "it's curation, not collection" elsewhere, do you think we can remove this line?

Author: With this and another comment below, the thought process is this is a last check before they send a PR, think it would be good to remind them and reiterate certain points. I'll keep it for now, but I think if we think it's too repetitive still, we can remove it after

### If you're adding on to a section/list that already exists
- [ ] Make sure that the item you're adding belongs in the relevant section/list.
- [ ] Make sure that the item you're adding is not already covered in the document.

> - [ ] Make sure there is no grammatical errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure there are no grammatical errors.
```

- [ ] You should briefly explain
    - [ ] Why you think the item is great
    - [ ] What relevance it has to the section/list

> (Feel free to leave this out if it is obvious).

Reviewer: Hmm I feel this is quite repetitive (common across all the ways they can contribute) - maybe we can just mention it once at the beginning?

## How to contribute

- Create a new fork of the document.
- In your own fork, edit the document and commit it.
    - If you're unfamiliar with markdown, try [this](https://www.markdowntutorial.com).
- Create a Pull Request (PR) to the main document. See the Pull Request Checklist below.

> - We'll try to approve it as soon as possible!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We'll try to review it as soon as possible!
```
Just to be clear that it's not necessary that a PR submitted and reviewed will be approved
